you're watching following this video
review of Nokia 6210 navigator as its
name hints the slider has been created
to help you navigate easily through the
city jungle for example it is the second
generation of the series after the 61:10
navigator and is one of the first by
this manufacturer running on the Symbian
s60 operating system which feature
packed you in her face in addition 6210
navigator is a quad-band gsm with
dual-band UMTS HSDPA which allows mobile
high-speed internet access the materials
used to produce this device give a high
quality vibe and provide a better grip
the compact size also makes his pocket
friendly the 2.4 inch TFT display
supports 16 million colors and has a
resolution of 240 by 320 pixels in the
dim light the picture is bright and the
colors are very real the light sensor
allows the use of the screen in direct
sunlight the display reliability is very
important for devices such as the
navigator and we're very happy with 62
times performance the soft buttons and
the keypad are easy to press and have a
very good tactile feedback here we also
have a separate key for turning on the
navigation functions which blinks when
the GPS is operational overall working
without buttons is very pleasant
feature-packed to optimize this and
that's functionality but doesn't
drastically change the interface
compared to the previous version the
standby application can now appear
vertically as well and not only
horizontally in the first case and
visualized for icons instead of six when
you choose one of them assault menu
takes up almost the entire screen the
desk manager is now present in every
menu and appears horizontally in the
bottom of the screen this allows a few
rows to appear if you have multiple
applications running stimulating nicely
which makes switching between and
stopping them easier if you have a
picture to a given context now it
appears on the entire screen an incoming
call in the old versions it was too
small and almost invisible in contrast
to 61:10 navigator the new entry is not
equipped with
navigation software and only has the
free Nokia Maps 2.0 every 6210 Navigator
comes preloaded with search software the
maps for the given region and a free six
months post navigation license for the
same area I'm studying the interface a
window appears asking you if you want to
use an internet connection for faster
positioning a GPS and downloads for
missing maps at the primer start you
have to wait for about 3-4 minutes until
the gps determines your position and the
next time this will happen almost
instantaneously in the bottom part of
the homescreen we have the search field
the Internet traffic usage and the GPS
signal indicators an innovation here is
the compass and circled in red it can
only be used in walk mode and it has to
be calibrated every time for this
purpose you would have to turn the phone
at 360 degrees until the compass is
encircled in green this will make the
map position according to the direction
you are facing and you always know where
for example is left or right on the map
you have the options to search by
address nearest points of interest to
see a different map view get traffic
information if it's supported for your
region and to buy additional licenses
for voice navigation and different
cities the GPS signal strength is good
and rarely falls below the middle even
when walking around in an area with
high-rise buildings and in a
non-residential area the situation is
even better
unfortunately the maps which 6210
employees are not full and for
southeastern europe for example only the
capital's are available as a whole the
new 6210 navigator is easy to use for
navigation and also offers fast
operating speed in combination with good
sound quality during a talk
unfortunately the maps for some regions
are not full which could become a
serious drawback the 5-megapixel 6220
classic is a good alternative that comes
with three months of free voice
navigation instead of six and can be
purchased at a similar price thanks for
watching please visit fall arena dot-com
for a full text review with many
pictures and a 360 degrees
you